The measurement is impressive and the physical interpretation of a sub-micron particle haze is sound and meets the scientific merit of AAS Journals. I have one major comment and a list of mostly minor comments relating to reproducibility. It was not always clear how the authors computed various things throughout the work. I can recommend this article for publication in ApJ when these comments are addressed.

The organization is clear and concise and the figures are well chosen. Figure 4 is especially convincing and well made.

My comments and questions are listed below:

Major Comment: How does the assumption that the sub-micron haze exists only on one hemisphere affect the inferred median particle size? That was unclear in the manuscript. If this could be explored a bit, that would strengthen the paper.

Less-major (but still important) comments:

Title:

Perhaps this betrays my ignorance, but are these objects definitely brown dwarfs? As I understand it, a brown dwarf is a gas ball that is cooling via Kelvin-Helmholtz contraction, but never begins nor sustains hydrogen fusion in their cores (which would make it a star). Stellar evolutionary models can make hydrogen-burning stars with mid-L spectral types. So, some L dwarfs are likely bona fide stars, and therefore not brown dwarfs. The transition from M to L is based on molecular lines seen in their spectra as a consequence of photospheric temperature, not whether they are burning hydrogen in their cores. 

Also, as the authors know, late Ms can be young brown dwarfs, but that's irrelevant here. Often astronomers use the term "ultra-cool dwarf" when describing late M and L dwarfs, since these could either be young brown dwarfs or main-sequence stars. If the authors have evidence that neither of these stars are burning hydrogen, nor that they never will burn hydrogen in their cores, I am ok with the term "brown dwarf." But it would be nice for if this could be addressed in a sentence or short paragraph, for the sake of the reader.

Abstract:

D "Low-temperature L dwarfs..." This wording suggests that the authors are studying late-L dwarfs, since those are the low temperature L dwarfs (as opposed to high temperature L dwarfs). But this study concerns mid-L dwarfs. I think the authors are trying to describe all L dwarfs in general using the term "low-temperature". In scientific writing, adjectives should only be used to describe a subset of the noun, otherwise things get very confusing especially for non-native English speakers. I suggest the authors just say "L dwarfs". If it is important to point out that L dwarfs are low temperature, I suggest "L dwarfs, objects with surface temperatures between xxxx and xxxx K, exhibit..." or something similar. 

D "We find that 2MASS J0835−0819 exhibits marginal ( 0.5% per band) variability..." Without reading the full paper, I'm confused. Why was this object studied if it doesn't have high variability? I thought these were both rapidly rotating. How was it known to be rapidly rotating if it has undetectable variability? I suspect I will learn more from reading the paper, but since the abstract is the first thing the reader sees, I encourage the authors to explain this briefly with a short sentence. What it variable before, but not now?

D "The different variability behaviors of 2MASS J0835−0819 and 2MASS J1821+1414 suggests dependencies on viewing angle and/or overall cloud content, underlying factors that can be examined through a broader survey." Subject-verb agreement. Subject is plural (behaviors), verb is singular (suggests).

D "We detect no statistically significant phase variations with wavelength." Is this the same as saying:

D "We do not detect statistically significant phase variations with wavelength." ? If so, I would do the latter. It's clearer. Even better would be to quantify significant (e.g. "more than x percent across the ranges probed").

Commas are often incorrectly placed. Usually there is a comma before "which" or "whose", but not in between two nouns separated by "and" or "or." For example:

"condensates can coalesce into large-scale cloud and haze structures (Lunine et al. 1989; Ackerman & Marley 2001; Crossfield et al. 2014) whose surface" Should have a comma before "whose"

"and vertical structure may produce rotationally- modulated brightness variations (e.g., Radigan et al. 2012), and long-term variatiations." Shouldn't have a comma before and.

"and amplitude spectra have been shown to vary with effective temperature, (Teff ; e.g., Yang et al. 2015) and surface gravity (e.g., Lew et al. 2016). Shouldn't have a comma after temperature.

"in relative photometric and spectro-photometric precision, and have been responsible for the discovery of the majority" Since both clauses share a subject, there shouldn't be a comma after precision.

"surface heterogeneity, or evolution in variability modes." Two nouns separated by "or" -> no comma.

"Multi-wavelength monitoring of low-temperature stars and brown dwarfs allows FOR the measurement." Add "for"

"but may interact wiht clouds to produce" Typo, wiht to with.

"insufficient calibrators" I would say "insufficient numbers of field stars for photometric calibration." Otherwise unclear what calibrators refers to. 

"in which references stars" typo. Reference not references. Also, previously these were referred to as calibrators, not reference stars. Pick one term and stay consistent?

"in which references stars are simultaneously observed to correct for telluric effects can significantly improve the precision of ground-based spectro-photometry" This introduces the idea of reference stars, which is needed to understand "calibrators" in the previous paragraph. Introduce the idea when "calibrators" is first mentioned.?

"in a wide (3′′) slit" I would also state the length of the slit, since that is relevant.

Figure 1 Caption: "and for 2MASS J1821+1414 to the right on the edge of this image." There two objects to the right of the J1821 in the image. Which one was used as the reference?

Section 2:

First sentence has some grammatical issues. Split into two sentences? "those sources that have" comes out of nowhere.

"We identified 30 potential targets, and prioritized" 2nd clause shares subject with first clause -> no comma.

Figure 2: Y-axis should say "Brightness Temperature" not "Surface Brightness." Although related by the Planck function, surface brightness has different units. Also, see if you can't replace "microns" with $\mu m$ in the x-axis label to bring it up to AAS Journal standards. And make the y and x axis label font size in the bottom plots similar to the top plots. Very small in the bottom plots.

Is there a reference for how the authors computed the brightness temperature (Equations 1 and 2)? I see they did not include limb-darkening in that calculation. If they are choosing to ignore limb-darkening, but other refereed literature takes the same approach, that's fine, just provide a citation and explain why they can ignore limb darkening.

It was not clear how the authors computed BT-Settl models with such specific temperatures and gravities. Did the run the PHOENIX code for those specific parameters? Or did they interpolate between pre-computed models? Interpolating between spectral models can lead to spectra representing unphysical atmospheres not in local thermal equilibrium. Whatever was chosen should be included in the manuscript.


Section 3:

"differental color refraction" typo: differential.

"The images were rectified by shifting each row to match a center row in between the two sources. This was achieved by cross correlating the reference row with all other detector rows (which have the same back- ground spectrum) and fitting a smooth function over the sources as in Schlawin et al. 2016." This part is very confusing. Are the "rows" in the dispersion or spatial direction? Is the reference row the center row, or the row(s?) with the reference/calibration star? Is the "smooth function" 1d or 2d? Is it polynomial? I sense this section should be longer for clarification and reproducibility. I realize I could look to Schlawin et al. (2016), but it would be nice if this had more description in this paper since it's such a new technique.

"ThAr emission lamp spectra were taken at the begin- ning and end of the observations (preceding and follow- ing the 3′′ × 60′′ lamp spectra) with a 0.3′′ × 60′′ slit for wavelength calibration." This sentence could use rewording for clarity.

"To correct for instrument flexure, we also cross-correlated the sky frame with each science image to measure linear spatial shifts..." "Also" is necessary here since you haven't talked about correcting for flexure prior to this sentence.

"However, there are small additional shifts of the sources within the slit so another shift was performed between the sources to ensure that telluric features were removed when dividing the two spectra." Two independent clauses, comma in between (before "so").


Section 4:

"Neither the reference spectra nor the brown dwarf spectra have any corrections..." "Have" should be "have had"

"We measure the standard deviations of the time series for wavelength regions that have no significant variations near the rotation period of the brown dwarfs and compare it to the expected photon and read noise." Did you do this for both brown dwarfs, or just one? If both, should be "rotation periods", if one, should be "brown dwarf"

"We find minimal variation in the lightcurves of 2MASS J0835−0819, but pronounced variation..." Clauses share a subject, no comma.

I believe A1 and A2 in the double sinusoid model are uncorrelated parameters, since they are basically the amplitudes of the first two Fourier series for a box of length tau. It would be good to state that the two sinusoids are orthogonal and that A1 and A2 should not have significant co-variance in a fit.

Figure 5: The variation in J0835 in K band looks more than marginal. If you take all the points in K band together, there is a statistically significant detection of variation, correct? I do not see any interpretation of this variation in the manuscript. Is that consistent with the 3.1 hr variation detected in the past?

"There is a multiplicative offset of 25% between the IRTF and WFC3 spectrum that may be due to different spatial cloud and temperature distributions AT different epochs." Typo, add "at."

"Yang et al. (2015) FOUND that the..." Change find to found, past tense.

"water vapor absorption which in- dicates a high haze layer in 2MASS J1821+1414" comma before "which."

"If we assume the cloud is confined to one hemisphere of the brown dwarf (i.e., maximum surface heterogeneity)..." I assume you mean East/West hemisphere and not North/South? Not entirely clear. Could write it as longitudes: "confined to surface longitudes between 0 and 180 degrees" for example.

Also, that sentence needs an "then" before "the amplitude" to complete the "If then" structure.

"n=1.67 - 0.006 j COMPLEX index of refraction" add "complex" for clarity. And do people usually use j here instead of i?

"For 2MASS J1821+1414, we find that the amplitude spectrum is well-fit by a Mie scattering model and the median particle radius is reasonably constrained." 2 independent clauses, separate with comma.

"best-fit model which has a" comma before which.

"has a median particle radius of 0.28 μm and σ = 0.3." Remove "grains," out of place noun.

Can the authors add a subscript to sigma here, to distinguish it from standard deviation (for which they used sigma earlier in the manuscript)?

"which has A very red" Need an "a" in there. Also, I'm not a fan of "very" in scientific writing, since it's not quantitative. 

Section 5:

"two brown dwarfs of spectral types L4- L5:" change "type" to plural "types"

"We find that 2MASS J0835−0819 has marginal variabil- ity and no significant wavelength dependence" How do you reconcile this with previous studies showing a 3.1 hour variability signature?

"viewing orientations; while the latter allows us to study weather-related changes to cloud structures over multi- ple rotation periods." "while" is a subordinating conjunction, so remove the semi-colon (and don't put a comma in!).

Add AAS software keywords for emcee, corner and miescatter after facilities.

---------
Comments from Data Editor:

1) The authors might want to provide the SpeX spectra as the Data behind the Figure (DbF) with Figure 2. Ditto for the light curve data shown in Figure A1.

2) Per the new AAS software policy, http://journals.aas.org/policy/software.html, the authors should modify their AASTeX v6.1 manuscript to highlight the code they used (both cited and unmentioned in the current text) with the new \software command, e.g.

\software{emcee (Foreman-Mackey et al. 2013, corner.py (Foreman-Mackey et al. 2016), Astropy (The Astropy Collaboration 2013)}